== Welcome to ACS Playground

A place to mess with the uber-completer plugin...

RUN `rake app:setup`, it will build stuff and get the playground ready for playtime.

FIRE UP A SERVER, the goodies are linked to from the root page.

IF YOU BUILD SOMETHING WORTH LINKING TO, link to it from the root page of the site and explain it.

== Intent

=== Backend
We would like to provide a tool for turning any model into an autocompletable instance. This would facilitate different search methodologies for different models, searching across tables/models, and even perhaps autocompletion on database backed models. Easily swappable and createable backends to swap in for your search backend, while still running seamlessly with the rest of the plugin architecture.

This adds functionality over the +auto_complete+ plugin (pulled from rails core), as it is not search limited to one parameter of the model, nor is it search limited to returning one model. It can return and display as much return information to the user as you want.

Potential API:
    class User < ActiveRecord::Base
      extend UberSearch::ModelExtensions
      
      uber_searchable do |api|
        api.returns = {:name => :name, :join_date => proc {|x| x.created_at.strftime("%m/%d/%Y")} }
      
        api.backend = :MysqlFullTextSearch
        api.backend.full_text_index = :user_full_text_index
      end     
    end

    class Document < ActiveRecord::Base
      extend UberSearch::ModelExtensions
      
      scope :active, { where(:active => true)}
      scope :published, { where(:published => true) }
      
      uber_searchable do |api|
        api.returns = {:author => :author, :title => :title}
        
        api.backend = :Sphinx
      end
    end
    
    class DocumentController < ApplicationController
      uber_auto_completion_for :document
    end
    
    class DocumentController < ApplicationController
      uber_auto_completion_for :document, {:scopes => [:active, :published]}
      
      def index
      end
      #...
    end

== LINKS WORTH CONSIDERING FOR INCORPORATION
http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/autocomplete/
http://www.alistapart.com/articles/accent-folding-for-auto-complete/
